added a new bit to the intro (#25)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/introduction.tex

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}
% Intro to meta data
Data is everywhere and its used in many different scenarios and use cases. 

> When referring to a data set, we talk about a data having meta-data information or attributes, which is the entries that could describe certain features about the data, like petal length from well known IRIS data set\footnote{https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/iris} describing the length of a particular flowers petals.

Reviewer: Er ikke sikker på at jeg er enig med denne måde at beskrive metadata på. Ville mene at petal length i IRIS er 'normal' ikke meta-data, da det virker som den centrale information i det dataset. IDK :/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When referring to a data set, we talk about a dataset having meta-data information, which are non-essential data features. One example of this could be publication date of a text document. In most contexts it is not needed to use and understand the document, however it provides more context to the main content of the the document: the text.
```
Her er et forsøg på at stadig givc et eksempel, men kunne ikke rigtig tænke på et konkret kendt dataset.

> When referring to a data set, we talk about a data having meta-data information or attributes, which is the entries that could describe certain features about the data, like petal length from well known IRIS data set\footnote{https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/iris} describing the length of a particular flowers petals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When referring to a data set, we talk about a data having meta-data information or attributes, which are the entries that could describe certain features about the data, like petal length from well known IRIS data set\footnote{https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/iris} describing the length of a particular flowers petals.
```

> When referring to a data set, we talk about data having meta-data information or attributes, which is the entries that could describe certain features about the data, like petal length from well-known IRIS data set\footnote{https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/iris} describing the length of a particular flower's petals.

Author: ```suggestion
When referring to a data set, we talk about data having meta-data information or attributes, which are the entries that could describe certain features about the data, like petal length from well-known IRIS data set\footnote{https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/iris} describing the length of a particular flower's petals.
```

> When referring to a data set, we talk about data having meta-data information or attributes, which are the entries that could describe certain features about the data, like petal length from well-known IRIS data set\footnote{https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/iris} describing the length of a particular flower's petals.

Author: ```suggestion
When referring to a data set, we talk about a dataset having meta-data information, which is non-essential data features. 
One example of this could be the publication date of a text document. 
In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document, however it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When referring to a dataset, we talk about a dataset including metadata information, which are non-essential data features.
One example of this could be the publication date of a text document. 
In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document; however, it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.
```

> Data is everywhere and its used in many different scenarios and use cases. 
> When referring to a data set, we talk about a data having meta-data information or attributes, which is the entries that could describe certain features about the data, like petal length from well known IRIS data set\footnote{https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/iris} describing the length of a particular flowers petals.
> However, there is usually a lot of data, that is not used, either because it is not useful or we do not know how to use it properly.

Author: ```suggestion
Data is everywhere and it is used in many different scenarios and use cases. 
When referring to a data set, we talk about data having meta-data information or attributes, which is the entries that could describe certain features about the data, like petal length from well-known IRIS data set\footnote{https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/iris} describing the length of a particular flower's petals.
However, there is usually a lot of data, that is not used, either because it is not useful or we do not know how to use it properly.
```

% LDA / Topic Modeling Intro
Within the field of topic modeling, the goal is to find underlying topics within a certain data set.

> These topics are constructed based on the documents in the corpus and words within these documents. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These topics are constructed based on the text documents in the dataset and words within these documents. 
```

> Within the field of topic modeling, the goal is to find underlying topics within a certain data set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within the field of topic modeling, the goal is to find underlying topics within a certain dataset.
```

> Other extensions of \gls{lda} have also modeled various other information to generate better topics and/or topics with different focuses and potential uses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\Gls{lda} is a well known topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents.
Other extensions of \gls{lda} have also modeled various other information to generate better topics and/or topics with different focuses and potential uses.
```
Så vi stadig nævner LDA før extensions.

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}
% Intro to meta data
Data is everywhere and it is used in many different scenarios and use cases. 

> When referring to a data set, we talk about a dataset having meta-data information, which is non-essential data features. 
> One example of this could be the publication date of a text document. 
> In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document, however it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.

Author: ```suggestion
When referring to a dataset, we talk about a dataset including metadata information, which are non-essential data features.
One example of this could be the publication date of a text document. 
In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document; however, it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.
```

% Metadata definition
We define this other data as metadata, that is data related to the documents in the corpus, but not directly a part of the text.
In most models, metadata is not used.

> However, there is some previous work that attempts to make full use of the dataset available by incorporating various metadata into topic models.\todo[inline]{Giving a few paper sources here would be good to give the sentence more context.}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, there is some previous work that attempts to make full use of the dataset available by incorporating various metadata into topic models, such as the Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic_2012} and the MetaLDA model by \citet{MetaLDA2017}.
```
Kunne det f.eks. være. Vi kan også bruge nogle andre kilder i stedet, hvis vi vil undgå at bruge author-topic/metaLDA for meget.
